MASTER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Version 20210909

THIS MASTER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE
LICENSED MATERIALS. INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE,
INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER
YOU CLICK THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OR IF YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE ON
BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER, DECLINE THE LICENSE TERMS AND DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE
OR DOCUMENTATION. THESE TERMS GOVERN YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE LICENSED
MATERIALS THAT YOU DOWNLOAD NOW OR IN THE FUTURE, INCLUDING SUCH ADDITIONAL
SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE LICENSED MATERIALS YOU HAVE
SELECTED, AND ALL UPDATES AND VERSIONS OF SUCH SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions.

“Application” means a product developed by Licensee, or for Licensee by a
third party, that contains Licensed Programs.

“Authorized Application” means an Application that contains, integrates, is
packaged with, or functions with a Silicon Labs Device in Licensee’s
Application. This includes a Licensed Program embedded in a network
co-processor or host processor that operates in conjunction with a Silicon
Labs Device.

“Authorized Subcontractor” means a third-party subcontractor that you engage
to design or manufacture Authorized Applications and has executed an agreement
that is consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including its
confidentiality provisions. At all times, you shall remain responsible for the
actions or non-actions of you Authorized Subcontractors the same as if the
action on non-action was committed by you.

“Beta Software” means Software, including Software included within an SDK,
that is undergoing testing or further development, and has not reached the
generally available (GA) stage of development.

“Commercial License” means an executed, in effect, software license agreement
between Licensee and Silicon Labs that governs Licensee’s rights and
obligations with respect to Licensee’s use of Micrium Software.

"Commercial Purpose” means embedding Micrium Software in any Application that
you sell or license to End Users or plan to do so.

“Derivative Works” means a work based upon the Source Code version of the
Software, such as a revision, modification, translation, abridgment,
condensation, expansion or any other form in which such Software may be
recast, transformed or adapted, and that, if prepared without authorization
from Silicon Labs, would constitute copyright infringement.

“Development Tool” means a software provided by Silicon Labs to enable
development of Authorized Applications, configuration of Silicon Labs Devices
and Software.

“Documentation” means Silicon Labs technical documentation related to the
Software, excluding advertising or marketing materials.

“Embedded Stacks” means Software (other than Micrium Software) that is stack
libraries, application layers, and example code.

“End User” means a purchaser, sublicensee, recipient and/or user of an
Application obtained directly or indirectly from Licensee.

“External Manufacturers” means a third-party manufacturer, including such
manufacturer's subcontractors and agents, which is authorized by Licensee to
design and/or manufacture the Applications and to use, install, and test the
Applications and the Licensed Programs.

“Firmware” means executable or binary code that is embedded in the Silicon
Labs Device in ROM or flash memory and cannot be modified by Licensee.

“Licensee” or “you” means the acquirer of the license rights granted by this
Agreement. If you are an individual working solely on your own behalf, then
you are the Licensee. If you are an employee working on behalf of your
employer, then your employer is the Licensee and you confirm that you are
authorized to accept the terms of this Agreement on behalf of your Employer.

“Licensed Programs” means Software in Object Code form that was either
originally in Object Code form or was compiled from the Software or Derivative
Works and is designed to operate in Applications in Authorized Applications.

“Licensed Materials” means Software and the related Documentation including
all updates and upgrades of the foregoing.

“Micrium Software” means the Micrium real time kernel within the Micrium real
time operating system (Micrium OS).

“Modified Open Source Software” means Silicon Labs' modifications to Open
Source Software that was created by a third party.

“Object Code” means computer programming code in binary form suitable for
machine execution by a processor without the intervening steps of
interpretation or compilation.

“Open Source Software” means the Source Code version of software that may be
freely used, modified or distributed without payment of a license fee or
royalties subject to the terms of a publicly available software license,
excluding Modified Open Source Software, the use of which is subject to the
terms of this Agreement.

“Personal Information” means data concerning an individual user, including but
not limited to a user’s activity on a Silicon Labs website, location, IP
address, mobile device ID, name, or biometric data collected, stored or
transmitted by a Silicon Lab Device or Software.

“SDK” means software development kit (other than Micrium Software).

“Silicon Labs” means Silicon Laboratories Inc., a Delaware corporation located
at 400 W. Cesar Chavez, Austin, TX 78701 if you are physically located within
the United States. If you are physically located outside of the United States,
Silicon Labs means Silicon Laboratories International Pte Ltd., a Singapore
corporation located at No. 18 Tai Seng Street, #05-01, 18 Tai Seng, Singapore
539775.

"Silicon Labs Devices” means Silicon Labs branded integrated circuit chips
purchased from Silicon Labs or one of its authorized distributors.

“Silicon Labs Open Source Code” means Software created by Silicon Labs and
which is (a) delivered to Licensee in Source Code format, (b) is identified as
open source code and (c) states that use of the software is subject to the
terms of this Agreement.

“Software” means the computer programing code that was downloaded or otherwise
distributed to Licensee and which is the subject of this Agreement. Software
may be in Object Code or Source Code form or may be embedded as Firmware in a
Silicon Labs Device. Software includes Embedded Stacks, SDKs and Development
Tools. Your rights are different depending on whether the Software is
delivered to you in Object Code, Source Code or Firmware. Software that is
Micrium Software is subject to specific terms and conditions defined in
Section 2.

“Source Code” means the computer programming code in an uncompiled form
readable by humans which cannot be executed by a processor unless it is
compiled into binary form.

“Third Party Software” means any software that Silicon Labs has licensed from
a third party.

“Warranty Period” means the period of time ending thirty (30) days after the
first delivery of the Software to the Licensee, whether such delivery is in
the form of a download or actual physical delivery.

“Unauthorized Use” means use or inclusion of the Licensed Materials in (a)
life support, aeronautical, aerospace, medical, military or nuclear
applications; (b) FDA Class III or other devices for which FDA premarket
approval is required; (c) implantable devices; (d) life support or life
endangering applications where failure or inaccuracy might cause death or
personal injury; and (e) automotive or transportation applications or
environments unless the specific Silicon Labs Device has been designated by
Silicon Labs as compliant with ISO/TS 16949 requirements.   2. Micrium
Software.

The terms and conditions in this Section 2 apply only to Micrium Software and
take precedence over any other conflicting terms of this Agreement.

2.1. Grant of Micrium Software License. Upon accepting this Agreement and
downloading the Micrium Software, subject to your compliance with the terms of
this Agreement, Silicon Labs hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive,
nontransferable license for the Term (as described in Section 23), as follows:

2.1.1. You and your Authorized Subcontractors may modify the Source Code
version of Micrium Software for the sole purpose of adapting the Micrium
Software to your application.

2.1.2. You may embed the Micrium Software exclusively in products developed by
you or by your Authorized Subcontractors on your behalf during the Term that
embed the Micrium Software into Silicon Labs Devices (the “End Products”).

2.1.3. You may distribute copies of the Object Code version of the Micrium
Software solely to the extent that such copies are embedded in End Products.

2.2. Micrium Software License Restrictions. Your use of the Micrium Software
is subject to the following restrictions:

2.2.1. You may allow Authorized Subcontractors to access and use the Micrium
Software solely to the extent necessary to adapt the Micrium Software to your
application.

2.2.2. Except as provided in this Agreement, neither you, your Authorized
Subcontractors, nor any of your downstream customers may sell, transfer,
sublicense, distribute, or disseminate in any way the Object Code or
executable code of the Micrium Software in any written or electronic manner.

2.2.3. Neither you, your Authorized Subcontractors, nor any of your downstream
customers may distribute the Source Code version of Micrium Software to any
third party under any circumstances. You shall ensure that each of your
employees and Authorized Subcontractors that work with Micrium Software are
aware of this restriction.

2.2.4. Except as permitted in this Agreement, neither you, your Authorized
Subcontractors, nor any of your downstream customer may embed the Micrium
Software in any integrated circuit device that is not a Silicon Labs Device.

2.3. End User Support. You agree to be fully responsible for all End User
support services and warranty costs for all End Products.

2.4. Commercial Purpose. You are permitted to use the Micrium Software for a
Commercial Purpose only if you embed the Micrium Software into a Silicon Labs
Device. You may not embed the Micrium Software in a non-Silicon Labs Device
unless you and Silicon Labs execute a separate Commercial License Agreement
expressly permitting such use.

2.5. Ownership. Silicon Labs is and shall remain the sole and exclusive owner
of the Micrium Software and all Documentation, media, manuals, specifications,
instructions and printed materials, and any copies or portions thereof,
furnished by Silicon Labs for use with the Micrium Software. You own any
improvements or modifications to the Micrium Software made by you or your
Authorized Subcontractor on your behalf to adapt Micrium Software for use in
your End Products.

2.6. Maintenence and Support. Standard maintenance and technical support, such
as bug fixes, correction of failures, updates and maintenance patches is
provided to you at no cost for one year from date that you download the
Micrium Software. Silicon Labs may use a variety of methods, including but not
limited to telephone, Internet and/or e-mail, to provide such maintenance and
support.   3. 8051 SDK.

The terms and condition in this Section 3 apply only to the 8051 SDK and take
precedence over any other conflicting terms of this Agreement.

3.1. 8051 SDK. The 8051 SDK consists of the following items:

3.1.1. Drivers;

3.1.2. Peripheral libraries (excluding CSLIB); and

3.1.3. Example application code.

3.2. Installation and Use Rights.

3.2.1. You may download and install the 8051 SDK on one or more computers and
make any number of copies.

3.2.2. You may internally evaluate the 8051 SDK. If you elect to use the 8051
SDK for any other purpose, including modification and distribution, then the
following additional terms apply to you.

3.2.3. You may modify any files for your own use.

3.2.4. You may redistribute to your customers applications that you develop
using the 8051 SDK. Your redistribution may be in any form, including
executable binary code, source code, physical media and Internet downloads.

3.3. Restrictions.

3.3.1. You may not use the 8051 SDK with any integrated circuit products other
than those designed and manufactured by Silicon Labs.

3.3.2. Except as provided above, you may not redistribute, sublicense, assign,
rent or lease any portion of the 8051 SDK to any third party.

3.3.3. You may not modify or distribute the 8051 SDK so that all or any part
of it becomes Open Source Software.

3.3.4. You may not obscure or remove any product identification, copyright or
other notices that appear on or in the 8051 SDK, including any notices from
third parties.

3.3.5. You may not redistribute any modified or unmodified version of the 8051
SDK to any third party as a standalone product.

3.4. Ownership. Silicon Labs is and shall remain the owner of the 8051 SDK at
all times. Applications that you develop using the 8051 SDK shall belong to
you.

4. License Grant.

Silicon Labs hereby grants Licensee a limited, non-transferable,
non-exclusive, perpetual license to use the Licensed Materials solely under
the following terms and condition:

4.1. Object Code. With respect to Software (other than Micrium Software) that
is delivered to Licensee by Silicon Labs in Object Code format, Licensee may:

4.1.1. (a) if the Software is an Embedded Stack, you may install one copy of
the Software and its components all together on a single computer, and if the
Software is copied onto another computer, the original copy must be deleted or
otherwise made irreversibly inoperable; (b) if the Software is an SDK or a
Development Tool, you may make multiple copies of the Software for your own
internal use;

4.1.2. store one copy of the Software for archival (non-operational) purposes
only, so long as access to such copy is restricted;

4.1.3. use the Licensed Materials to develop applications to be used to
program Silicon Labs Devices;

4.1.4. incorporate the Licensed Materials into Authorized Applications;

4.1.5. facilitate the integration of the Licensed Materials and Silicon Labs
Devices into Authorized Applications; and

4.1.6. distribute copies of the Licensed Materials to Licensee’s end-user
customers, to the extent such copies are in Object Code form only and are
incorporated into Authorized Applications.

4.2. Source Code. With respect to Software (other than Micrium Software and
Silicon Labs Open Source Software) that is delivered to Licensee by Silicon
Labs in Source Code format, Licensee may:

4.2.1. use the sample application software in Source Code format to develop
and compile applications for use in Authorized Applications;

4.2.2. copy, prepare Derivative Works of, compile and modify Source Code of
the Silicon Labs Software, solely to enable Licensee to design, develop,
modify, test, support and/or debug Derivative Works and/or Licensed Programs
that are intended to operate in Authorized Applications;

4.2.3. reproduce and distribute Derivative Works to Authorized Subcontractors
under agreements consistent with Licensee’s rights and obligations under this
Agreement solely (a) to modify for Licensee’s use in developing and
maintaining the Licensed Programs; and (b) to enable Licensee to distribute
Licensed Programs externally to End Users in accordance with Section 4.2.5
below;

4.2.4. reproduce and distribute Licensed Programs internally and to Licensee’s
External Manufacturers under agreements consistent with Licensee’s rights and
obligations under this Agreement, solely (a) for Licensee’s use in developing
and maintaining the Licensed Programs; and (b) to enable Licensee to
distribute Licensed Programs externally to End Users in accordance with
Section 4.2.5 below; and

4.2.5. distribute Licensed Programs externally to Licensee’s End Users, either
directly or through Licensee’s distribution channels and methods, but only for
use with Authorized Applications and not on a standalone basis.

5. License Restrictions.

The Licensed Materials shall only be used as permitted by this Agreement. Any
use of the Licensed Materials not specifically authorized by this Agreement is
prohibited.

5.1. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, and except as authorized by
this Agreement, Licensee shall not:

5.1.1. assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer the Licensed Materials to any
third party;

5.1.2. reverse compile, disassemble, alter, add to, delete from, or otherwise
modify Software delivered to Licensee in Object Code form or in libraries in
the Licensed Materials;

5.1.3. publish the Licensed Materials in any manner that would cause it to
become part of the public domain or otherwise become subject to the terms of
an Open Source Software license;

5.1.4. use the Licensed Materials except in conjunction with Silicon Labs
Devices;

5.1.5. distribute the Source Code form of Software to any third party, in
whole or in part; or

5.1.6. remove any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary notices
from the Licensed Materials or any portion thereof.

5.2. Licensee shall not use the Licensed Materials in any way to further the
development or improvement of any product that does or would compete with any
Silicon Labs Device.

5.3. If the Software is provided to demonstrate the capability of Silicon Labs
Devices, it shall be used only for this purpose. Incorporation of the
demonstration version of Silicon Labs Software into Applications is solely at
Licensee’s risk and liability.

5.4. Any subsequent distribution or transfer of the Licensed Programs to End
Users shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Whether by execution of an end-user license agreement or other commercially
reasonable means, Licensee shall ensure that its End Users’ use of the
Licensed Programs shall only be permitted if they are incorporated into
Authorized Applications. Licensee shall prohibit any further sublicensing,
distribution, sale, marketing, reproduction, modification, reverse engineering
or decompiling of the Licensed Programs.

5.5. Licensor may include features in the Software to restrict use of the
Software that does not comply with the terms of this Agreement.

6. Unauthorized Use.

The Licensed Materials are not licensed, designed, intended, authorized, or
warranted for Unauthorized Use. Licensee shall be solely and exclusively
responsible for any Unauthorized Uses by Licensee, Licensee’s Authorized
Subcontractors, Licensee’s End Users or other sublicensees, and any
Unauthorized Use by such Authorized Subcontractors, End Users or sublicensees,
with or without the knowledge of Licensee, shall be attributed to Licensee.
Licensee agrees to defend and indemnify Silicon Labs for all third-party
claims and for all damages, costs and fees, including Silicon Labs’ attorneys’
fees, arising from any such Unauthorized Use of the Licensed Materials.

7. Open Source Software.

7.1. If the Software includes any Open Source Software, such Software and the
relevant Open Source Software license under which such Software is licensed
are disclosed at www.silabs.com. All use of such Open Source Software by
Licensee is subject to the terms of the relevant open source software license
and Licensee’s use of such Software is expressly conditioned upon Licensee’s
compliance with the term of such license.

7.2. If the Software is Silicon Labs Open Source Code, then the following
provisions apply:

7.2.1. Silicon Labs hereby grants to Licensee a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute Silicon Labs Open Source Code and such Derivative
Works in Source Code or Object Code form.

7.2.2. Silicon Labs hereby grants to Licensee a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this
section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import,
and otherwise transfer the Silicon Labs Open Source Code, where such license
applies only to those patent claims licensable by Silicon Labs that are
necessarily infringed by Licensee’s use of the Silicon Labs Open Source Code
or by combination with any other device or software.

7.2.3. Licensee may add Licensee’s own copyright statement to Licensee’s
modifications of Silicon Labs Open Source Software and may provide additional
or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
distribution of such modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a
whole, provided Licensee’s use, reproduction, and distribution of the Silicon
Labs Open Source Software otherwise complies with the conditions stated in
this License.

7.2.4. Licensee may reproduce and distribute copies of the Silicon Labs Open
Source Code or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
modifications, and in Source Code or Object Code form, provided that Licensee
meets the following conditions: (a) Licensee must give any other recipients of
the Silicon Labs Open Source Code or Derivative Works a copy of this License;
and (b) Licensee must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
stating that Licensee changed the files; and (c) Licensee must retain, in the
Source Code form of any Derivative Works that Licensee distributes, all
copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source Code
form of the Silicon Labs Open Source Code, excluding those notices that do not
pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and (d) If the Silicon Labs Open
Source Code includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then
any Derivative Works that Licensee distributes must include a readable copy of
the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least
one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of
the Derivative Works; within the Source Code form or documentation, if
provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by
the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally
appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only
and do not modify the License. Licensee may add Licensee’s own attribution
notices within Derivative Works that Licensee distributes, alongside or as an
addendum to the NOTICE text from the Silicon Labs Open Source Code, provided
that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the
License.

7.3. With respect to Software that is not Open Source Software, Licensee shall
not:

7.3.1. cause the Software to become subject to any Open Source Software
license, including but limited to the general public license (GPL) or the
lesser general public license (LGPL);

7.3.2. cause the Software to be disclosed into the public domain or to any
third party except for those third parties to whom License is authorized to
distribute Licensed Programs under Sections 4.1.6 or 4.2.5; or 

7.3.3. cause any part of the Software to become a derivative of any Open
Source Software.

7.4. Licensee shall not enable or permit any of its End Users to breach the
provisions of this Section 7, and shall include similar restrictive provisions
in its end user license agreement with such End Users. If Licensee breaches
this Section 7, Licensee shall indemnify and hold Silicon Labs harmless from
all costs, claims, settlements and judgments incurred by Silicon Labs,
including attorneys’ fees, in the process of defending, challenging and/or
settling any demand, claim or order that the Software is subject to an Open
Source Software license or must be disclosed into the public domain or to any
third party.

8. Modified Open Source Software.

Notwithstanding the terms of the Open Source Software license under which the
Open Source Software is licensed, the following terms apply to modifications
to such Open Source Software that constitute Modified Open Source Software, as
defined in this Agreement. The following terms apply regardless of how the
Modified Open Source Software was delivered to you.

8.1.1. You may not use Modified Open Source Software except for use with
Licensed Programs that are intended to operate in Authorized Applications.

8.1.2. You may not obscure, modify or remove copyright notices, files or
statements concerning ownership by Silicon Labs or reference to the terms of
this Agreement.

8.1.3. Subject to Sections 8.1.1 and 8.1.2:

8.1.3.1. You may copy and compile the Source Code of the Modified Open Source
Software.

8.1.3.2. You may reproduce the Object Code and Source Code versions of
Modified Open Source Software and distribute the same through multiple levels
of distributions, including to your External Manufacturers.

8.1.3.3. You may modify Modified Open Source Software and create Derivative
Works of Modified Open Source Software.

9. Third Party Software.

9.1. If the Software contains any Third Party Software, all use of such Third
Party Software shall be subject to the terms of the license from such third
party to Silicon Labs or a separate end user license agreement, if available,
which may be set forth in the header files of the Third Party Software. You
agree to comply with all terms and conditions for use of Third Party Software.

9.2. Silicon Labs has licensed the BLE Homekit from Apple. You may not
download or use the BLE Homekit software unless you have executed a MFi
License with Apple.

9.3. Silicon Labs has licensed emWin software, including libraries and
executables and related documentation (collectively “emWin Library”) from
Segger Microcontroller GmbH.  You are entitled to use the emWin Library free
of charge, subject to the following conditions, which you accept by virtue of
accepting the terms of this Agreement: (a) you may use the emWin library
exclusively with EFM 32-bit microcontrollers and EFR radios; (b) you may not
use the emWin Library to create or develop software that is similar to or
competitive with the emWin Library; and (c) you may not modify the
documentation that accompanies the emWin Library.

9.4. Silicon Labs does not make any endorsements or representations concerning
Third Party Software and disclaims all implied warranties concerning Third
Party Software. Third Party Software is offered “AS IS.”

10. Inspection Rights.

Silicon Labs shall have the right, upon reasonable advance notice, to inspect
Licensee's records and facilities with respect to the manufacture of
Applications and to receive sample units of Applications in order to verify
that such manufacturing is within the scope of this Agreement, that there are
appropriate security procedures to protect Silicon Labs’ Confidential
Information, and that Licensee is in compliance with its other obligations
under this Agreement.

11. No Other Licenses.

The licenses granted under this Agreement are specifically set forth herein,
and no licenses are granted by Silicon Labs to Licensee by implication or
estoppel, and no licenses shall be granted by the parties’ course of doing
business.

12. Beta Software.

Beta Software, whether Object Code or Source Code (a) can only be used for
internal development, demonstration or testing purposes; (b) cannot be
included within Licensee’s or End-Users’ products that are intended for
general release or high-volume production; and (c) cannot be used to support
Z-Wave certification of Silicon Labs Devices. Silicon Labs does not offer any
warranties on Beta Software and disclaims all implied warranties including,
but not limited to merchantability, fitness for use and noninfringement. Beta
Software is offered “AS IS.” Under no circumstances will Silicon Labs incur
any liability or obligation to you related to your use of Beta Software. Any
use of Beta Software by you in violation of the terms of this Agreement shall
automatically terminate your right to use Beta Software for any purpose
whatsoever.

13. Upgrades, Updates, New Versions.

Although it has no obligation to do so, Silicon Labs may introduce updates,
upgrades or new versions of the Software from time to time. Licensee is under
no obligation to download or use the updates, upgrade or new version of
Software; however, if Licensee elects to do so, the licenses granted to
Licensee pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to include such updates,
upgrades and new versions. In the case of any bug fix, improvement,
work-around, or correction made to the Software by Licensee, Licensee agrees
to provide to Silicon Labs, at no cost, the source code and any documentation
reasonably required for Silicon Labs to be able to incorporate such changes
into the Silicon Labs Software.

14. Regulatory Compliance.

Silicon Labs does not warrant that Software or any Application will comply
with the regulatory requirements of the United States or any other country.
Licensee is solely responsible for complying with such requirements and for
obtaining necessary government certifications, if any.

15. License Fee and Royalties.

Unless Licensee has executed a Commercial License with Silicon Labs, Licensee
is not obligated to pay any license fees or royalties to Silicon Labs so long
as Licensee complies with the terms of the licenses set forth herein. If
Licensee has executed a Commercial License, Licensee agree to pay all license
fees, maintenance fees and subscription fees described in such Commercial
License.

16. No Resale Fees.

Licensee may not directly or indirectly charge any fee or otherwise require or
accept any type of monetary compensation solely for redistributing the
Licensed Materials which is in excess of any amount paid to Silicon Labs for
the same Licensed Materials. This does not apply to the sale of hardware
products having the Licensed Materials in object code form embedded within.

17. Proprietary Rights.

All rights and title in and to the Licensed Materials, including without
limitation, patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks and trade secret
rights, belong to Silicon Labs or its licensors. Except for the rights
expressly granted herein, no other rights are granted to Licensee with respect
to the Licensed Materials.

18. Confidential Information.

You agree that the Licensed Materials contain confidential information,
including trade secrets, know-how and other information, that comprise the
exclusive property of Silicon Labs or its licensors. During the period this
Agreement is in effect and at all times after its termination, you shall
maintain the confidentiality of this information and shall not sell, license,
sublicense, publish, display, distribute, disclose or otherwise make available
this information to any third party nor use such information except as
authorized by this Agreement.

19. Limited Warranty and Remedies.

Silicon Labs warrants that, during the Warranty Period, the Software will
function substantially in accordance with the Documentation when used with
Silicon Labs Devices and that the media on which the Software is furnished
will be free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal use and
service, when correctly installed and maintained. Silicon Labs does not
warrant that the functions in the Licensed Materials will meet Licensee’s
specific requirements or that the operation of the Software will be
uninterrupted or error free. Silicon Labs does not warrant that the Software
does not contain any viruses or bugs. If Licensee notifies Silicon Labs,
during the Warranty Period, of a failure of the Software to conform to the
limited warranty stated in this section, Silicon Labs’ sole obligation, and
Licensee’s sole remedy, will be, at Silicon Labs’ sole discretion: (i)
replacement of the Software, or part thereof, with a functionally equivalent
software product or part, or (ii) repair of the Software. Without limiting any
term or condition stated in this Agreement, this warranty does not apply to
any nonconformance caused by (A) improper or inadequate maintenance or
calibration, or (B) software or interfacing equipment, parts or supplies not
supplied by Silicon Labs or its authorized distributor, (C) modifications to
the Software or (D) Unauthorized Use of the Software.

20. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.

EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE IN SECTION 19, THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED
“AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY
AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IS WITH LICENSEE. SILICON LABS DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE FREE FROM DEFECTS THAT COULD CAUSE
VULNERABILITY TO CYBER-ATTACK, DATA BREACH OR PRIVACY VIOLATIONS. SILICON LABS
DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY RELATED TO LICENSEE’S DATA THAT MAY BE RECEIVED,
STORED OR USED BY SILICON LABS DEVICES OR SOFTWARE OR INTERCEPTED BY THIRD
PARTIES. SILICON LABS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY THIRD
PARTIES, INCLUDING MACILICOUS USE OF, OR INTEFERENCE WITH TRANSMISSION OF,
LICENSEE’S DATA.

21. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

SILICON LABS’ SOLE OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS THE REPAIR
OR REPLACEMENT OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS ACCORDING TO THE LIMITED WARRANTY
ABOVE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON LABS OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS BE
LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, SUCH AS (BUT
NOT LIMITED TO) LOSS OF BUSINESS REVENUES, PROFITS OR SAVINGS OR LOSS OF DATA
RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS, EVEN IF
SILICON LABS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY
CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES
ARISING FROM THE FAILURE OF THE SILICON LABS DEVICE TO TRANSMIT DATA ARISING
FROM A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO PERFORM IN SUBSTANTIAL ACCORDANCE WITH THE
DOCUMENTATION. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF SILICON
LABS TO LICENSEE FOR ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE LICENSED MATERIALS EXCEED THE
AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE TO SILICON LABS FOR SUCH LICENSED MATERIALS OR ONE
UNITED STATES DOLLAR ($1.00 USD). YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU
FOR THE LICENSED MATERIALS REFLECTS THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK.

22. Data Collection.

To the extent that Silicon Labs Devices collect, store or transfer Personal
Information, Silicon Labs may use such Personal Information for its own
internal purposes, including marketing Silicon Labs Devices to the user.
Silicon Labs will not sell Personal Information to third parties. Silicon Labs
Devices will not transfer Personal Information to other devices in a network
or to third parties except to the extent necessary to perform the intended
function of the Silicon Labs Device. Silicon Labs will not be liable to
Licensee or Licensee’s customers for (a) any intended transfer of Personal
Information described in the Documentation for the Silicon Labs Device; (b)
any unintended transfer of Personal Information or loss of data caused by any
third parties or third party devices or software, including hacking, malware,
eavesdropping, man-in-the-middle attacks or other intentional acts; or (c)
unauthorized access to or misuse of Personal Information by third parties.

23. Term and Termination.

This Agreement will take effect on the date the Licensed Materials are
acquired by or delivered to Licensee, and will remain in effect unless
terminated as provided below. If you breach any of your obligations under this
Agreement, this Agreement will immediately and automatically terminate. You
may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the
Licensed Materials. Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately
discontinue the use of the Licensed Materials and shall return or provide
certification to Silicon Labs of the destruction of all copies of the Licensed
Materials. You many keep one copy of the Licensed Materials for archival
(non-operational) purposes only, so long as access to such copies is
restricted. If the Agreement is terminated by Silicon Labs, you may continue
to distribute copies of the Software already installed in finished inventory,
but you may not make any additional copies or install the Software in
additional products. All provisions of this Agreement relating to disclaimers
of warranties, limitation of liability, remedies or damages, and Silicon Labs’
proprietary rights, shall survive any termination of this Agreement for any
reason.

24. Termination of License.

If you institute patent litigation against Silicon Labs or any of its
Affiliates (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
that the Licensed Programs directly or indirectly infringe a patent of
Licensee, then any patent licenses granted to you under this Agreement for
that Licensed Program shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

25. Export Restrictions.

You may not export or re-export the Software or any Licensed Programs, or any
copy thereof, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

26. Amendments.

This Agreement may be amended unilaterally by Silicon Labs at any time. The
most recent version of this Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior
versions. In the event of any conflicting terms, the terms of the most recent
version of this Agreement shall control.

27. Miscellaneous.

This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the
parties and neither party shall be bound by any conditions, definitions,
warranties, understandings or representations with respect to the subject
matter hereof other than as provided herein or as duly set forth on or after
the date hereof in writing and signed by a proper and duly authorized
representative of the party to be bound thereby. The failure of any party at
any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall in
not affect the right of such party to enforce the terms of this Agreement at a
later time. No waiver by any party of any condition or of any breach of any
term contained in this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or of any
breach of any such term or any other term set forth in this Agreement. If any
provision of this Agreement is unenforceable for any reason, the remaining
terms of the Agreement shall not be deemed invalid, inoperative, or
unenforceable and, if possible, the unenforceable provision shall be modified
or interpreted in a manner to make it enforceable.

28. Governing Law.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, United
States of America, without regard to that state’s conflicts of laws rules. The
1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods shall not apply. In any dispute arising out of this Agreement, the
parties each consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the
State and Federal courts located within Travis County, Texas, United States of
America. All disputes concerning this Agreement shall be resolved by binding
arbitration in Travis County, Texas before a single arbitrator. The
arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to JAMS’ Streamlined
Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The arbitration award shall include an award
of attorneys’ fees to the prevailing party. Judgment on the award may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude
parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court
of appropriate jurisdiction.

29. Injunctive Relief.

The copying, disclosure, or use of the Software in a manner inconsistent with
any provision of this Agreement or the improper use of the Silicon Labs
trademarks may cause irreparable injury to Silicon Labs for which Silicon Labs
may not have an adequate remedy at law. Silicon Labs may be entitled to
equitable relief in court, including but not limited to temporary restraining
orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions.

30. Silicon Labs Trademarks.

Silicon Labs and the Silicon Labs logo are trademarks of Silicon Laboratories
Inc. in the United States and other countries. No use of the Silicon Labs
trademarks by Licensee is implied or consented to by Silicon Labs by entering
into this Agreement.

31. Commercial Computer Software.

If Licensee is an agency of the U.S. Government, the following will apply: The
Software has been developed entirely at private expense, is regularly used for
nongovernmental purposes and has been licensed to the public. The Software is
a “commercial item” as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995),
consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software
documentation” as those terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995) or as
“commercial computer software” as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R.
252.227-7014 (June 1995) or any equivalent agency regulation or contract
clause, whichever is applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government agencies
acquire only those rights to the Software as are expressly set forth herein.
